ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROL OVERVIEW
The Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) system is designed to maintain a gap from the vehicle
ahead or a set road speed if there is no slowervehicle ahead. 
A speed may be set at between 32 km/h (20 mph) and 180 km/h (112 mph).
The set speed will be displayed in the Message centre.
The system acts by regulating the speed of the vehicle, using engine control and the brakes.
Caution: ACC is not a collision warning oravoidance system. Additionally, ACCwill not react to:
        • Pedestrians or objects in the roadway.
        • Oncoming vehicles in the same lane.
The ACC system uses a radar sensor, which projects a beam directly forward of the vehicle
to detect objects ahead.
The radar sensor is mounted at the front of thevehicle behind the grille, to provide a clear view
forward for the radar beam.
• Use ACC only when conditions arefavourable, i.e. main roads with traffic moving in lanes.
• Do not use during abrupt or sharp turns,e.g., traffic islands, junctions, areas with
many parked vehicles or areas shared with pedestrians.
• Do not use in poor visibility, specifically fog, heavy rain, spray or snow.
• Do not use on icy or slippery roads.
• It is the drivers responsibility to stay alert,drive safely and be in control of the vehicle
at all times.
• Keep the front of the vehicle free from dirt, metal badges or objects, including vehicle
front protectors, which may prevent the radar sensor from operating.

CRUISE CONTROL (GREEN)
Illuminates when cruise control or Adaptive cruise control is active

USING ACC
The system is operated by controls mounted on the steering wheel. The driver can also
intervene at any time by the use of the brake or accelerator pedals.
    1. Press to set the vehicle's current speed as the set speed. The ACC warning lamp will
    illuminate to confirm ACC is operational.See the, CRUISE CONTROL (GREEN). While ACC is 
    enabled, further pressing of the button will raise the set speed above the vehicle's 
    current speed. The speed of the vehicle will gradually increase to reach the new set speed.
    2. RES: Press to resume the ACC set speedafter it has been disengaged.
    3. CAN: Pull to cancel but retain the set speedin the memory.
    4. Press to decrease the set speed. The speedof the vehicle will gradually decrease to
    reach the new set speed.
    5. Pull to decrease the Follow mode gap. See the, ENTERING FOLLOW MODE.
    6. Pull to increase the Follow mode gap.

FOLLOW MODE (AMBER)
Illuminates when the Adaptive cruise control system is in follow mode.

ENTERING FOLLOW MODE
CAUTION:When in Follow mode, the vehicle maynot decelerate automatically to a stop,
        nor will the vehicle always deceleratequickly enough to avoid a collision.
Note:Follow mode is an integral function of ACC. You cannot disengage Follow mode and
    still use Cruise control to maintain your speed.
Once a set speed has been selected, the drivercan release the accelerator and 
the set road speed will be maintained.
If a vehicle ahead enters the same lane or aslower vehicle is ahead in the same lane, your
vehicle speed will adjust automatically until the gap to the vehicle ahead corresponds to the gap
setting. The vehicle is now in follow mode.
The Follow mode warning lamp will illuminate to confirm Follow mode is operational (see the,
FOLLOW MODE (AMBER)).
The Message centre will display the gap set in the form of a vehicle with a varying number of
bars in front of it.
The vehicle will then maintain the constant time gap to the vehicle ahead until:
    • The vehicle ahead accelerates to a speedabove the set speed.
    • The vehicle ahead moves out of lane or out of view.
    • A new gap setting is chosen.
If necessary, the vehicle brakes will be automatically applied, slowing the vehicle and
maintaining the gap to the vehicle in front.
The maximum braking which is applied by ACC is limited and can be overridden by the driver
applying the brakes, if required.
Note: Driver braking will cancel ACC.
If ACC predicts that its maximum braking level will not be sufficient, then an audible warning
will sound while ACC continues to brake.
DRIVER INTERVENE will be displayed in the Message centre. Take immediate action.
When in follow mode, the vehicle will automatically return to the set speed when the
road ahead is clear, for instance when:
    • The vehicle ahead accelerates to a speed above the set speed, or changes lane.
    • You change lane to either side or enter an exit lane.
The driver should intervene if appropriate.
If a direction indicator is used, ACC will reduce the gap to the vehicle ahead so as to respond
more quickly to the anticipated manoeuvre. If a manoeuvre is not actioned, the previous gap
will be restored after a few seconds. Enhanced response may not occur if ACC detects that it
is inappropriate, i.e., you are already too close to the vehicle ahead or you are already in
another lane.

CHANGING THE FOLLOW MODE SET GAP
Caution:It is the driver's responsibility to select a gap appropriate to the drivingconditions.
4 gap settings are available. The selected gap setting is displayed in the Message centre when
the gap adjustment buttons are operated.
Each gap is indicated by an additional bar in front of the vehicle icon in the Message centre.
After the ignition is switched on, the default gap (gap 3) will be automatically selected ready for
ACC operation.
If the Terrain Response, Grass-Gravel-Snow mode is selected, then the longest gap (gap 4)
will initially be selected.

OVERRIDING THE SPEED AND FOLLOW MODE
Caution:Whenever the driver is overriding the ACC by depressing the accelerator
        pedal, the ACC will not automatically apply the brakes to maintain separation
        from any vehicle ahead.
The set speed and gap can be overridden by depressing the accelerator pedal while cruising
at a constant speed or in Follow mode. If the vehicle is in Follow mode when the ACC is
overridden, the Follow mode warning lamp will go out and CRUISE OVERRIDE will be displayed
in the Message centre. When the accelerator is released, the ACC function will operate again
and the vehicle speed will decrease to the set speed, or a lower speed if Follow mode is active.

QUEUE ASSIST
Queue assist is an enhancement of Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) and, when active, will
follow a vehicle ahead to a standstill. It is intended for use in lines of traffic on major
roads where minimal steering is required.If a vehicle ahead slows to a halt, Queue assist
will bring the vehicle to a stop and hold it stationary.
While the vehicle is held stationary, Queue assistwill request the Electric Parking Brake (EPB) to
apply if:
    • The driver cancels Queue assist.
    • The vehicle is stopped for more than 2 minutes.
    • Driver intention to exit the vehicle is detected.
    • A malfunction is detected.
As the vehicle ahead moves away, a brief press on the accelerator will resume ACC operation.
At very low speed Queue assist may stop for stationary objects, e.g., when the vehicle ahead
changes lane to reveal a stationary object. The vehicle radar cannot always distinguish between
a stationary vehicle and a fixed object like a road sign, drain cover or temporary barrier. This may
cause unexpected braking or cancellation and the driver should intervene if appropriate.

ACC AUTO OFF 
ACC will disengage, but not clear the memory when:
    • The CANCEL button is pressed.
    • The brake pedal is pressed.
    • Neutral (N) is selected.
    • Dynamic Stability Control (DSC) activates.
    • Electronic Traction Control (ETC) activates.
    • Hill Descent Control (HDC) is selected.
    • Certain Terrain Response modes are selected, i.e. Sand and Mud ruts.
    • The difference between the vehicle's current speed and the set speed is too great.
    • The accelerator pedal is used to accelerate beyond the set speed for too long a period,
    i.e. more than 5 minutes. See the,OVERRIDING THE SPEED AND FOLLOW MODE.
    • Maximum vehicle speed is reached.
    • Maximum engine revolution speed is reached. 5000 rpm for a diesel engine and
    7000 rpm for a petrol engine.
ACC will disengage, and clear the memory when:
    • The ignition system is switched off.
    • A fault occurs in the ACC system.

RESUMING THE SPEED AND FOLLOW MODE
Attention:RES should only be used if the driver is aware of the set speed and intends to
        return to it.
By pressing the RES button after ACC has been cancelled (e.g. after braking), ACC will become
active again provided that the set speed memory has not been erased. The original set speed will
be resumed (unless a vehicle ahead causes the Follow mode to become active) and the set
speed will be displayed in the Message centre.
Queue assist may be resumed above 10 km/h (6 mph).
Note:When the set speed is resumed, the rate of acceleration is influenced by the previously
    set Follow mode gap. A closer set gap will promote greater acceleration.
Note:When resuming a set speed while in a curve, acceleration is reduced. A more severe
    curve will reduce acceleration further.Remember that ACC and Queue assist are
    primarily for use when minimal steering is required.

HINTS ON DRIVING WITH ACC
During some situations ACC may provide the driver with an indication that intervention is required.
An audible alarm will sound, accompanied by the message DRIVER INTERVENE in the
Message centre if ACC detects:
• A failure has occurred while the system is active.
• That using maximum ACC braking only is not sufficient.
Note:ACC only operates when the gear selector is in Drive (D) or Sport (S).
Note:When engaged, the accelerator pedal rests in the raised position. Fully release the pedal to
    allow normal ACC operation.
Note:When braking is applied by ACC, the vehicle brake lamps will illuminate.
Note:When Intelligent stop/start is fitted, it may operate during a Queue assist stop. Press the
    accelerator pedal for longer than normal to restart the engine and move off.

DETECTION BEAM ISSUES
Detection issues can occur:
    1. When driving on a different line to the vehicle in front.
    2. When a vehicle edges into your lane. The vehicle will only be detected once it has
    moved fully into your lane.
    3. There may be issues with the detection of vehicles in front when going into and
    coming out of a bend.
    4. When moving around a stationary vehicle.
    This may cause uncertainty as to which vehicle should be followed.
    5. When the vehicle ahead turns out of your lane. This may cause uncertainty as to
    which vehicle should be followed.
In these situations ACC may operate unexpectedly. The driver should stay alert and
intervene if necessary.

ACC MALFUNCTION
If a fault occurs while ACC or Follow mode is operational, ACC will switch off and cannot be
used until the fault is cleared. The message DRIVER INTERVENE is displayed briefly in the
Message centre and is then replaced by the message CRUISE NOT AVAILABLE.
If a fault with ACC or any related system occurs at any other time, the message CRUISE NOT
AVAILABLE will be displayed. It will not be possible to activate ACC in any mode.
Accumulations of dirt, snow or ice on the radar sensor or cover may inhibit ACC operation.
Fitting of a vehicle front protector or metallised badges may also affect ACC operation.
If this occurs in ACC cruise /Follow mode, the audible alarm sounds and the message DRIVER
INTERVENE is displayed briefly. The message RADAR SENSOR BLOCKED will then be
displayed.
Note: The same messages may also be displayed while driving on open roads with few
objects for the radar to detect.
Clearing the obstruction allows the system to return to normal operation. If the obstruction
is present when ACC is inactive (e.g. on initial starting or with ACC switched off), the message
RADAR SENSOR BLOCKED will be displayed.
Tyres other than those recommended for your vehicle may have different circumferences. This
can affect the correct operation of ACC.

INSTRUMENT PANEL MENU
A number of vehicle features and display settings may be configured via the Instrument panel menu.
    1. Steering wheel menu control. Press the relevant buttons to display and navigate
    through the Instrument panel menus.
    2. Close and return to the Main Menu.
    3. Access the Driving Features menu.
    4. Access the Trip Computer menu.
    5. Access the Instrument Display menu.
    6. Access the Head-Up Display menu.
    7. Access the Vehicle Set-up menu.
    Caution:Before making any changes to the Vehicle Set-Up, you must make sure that you have read and fully
            understood, the relevant topics/sections of the handbook.
            Failure to do so could lead to serious injury or death.
    8. Access the Vehicle Info menu.
    Note: Only available before the engine starts.

FORWARD ALERT (GREEN)
Illuminates when Forward alert is active

BRAKE (AMBER)
Illuminates briefly as a bulb check when the ignition is switched on.
If the lamp illuminates after starting the engine or while driving, suspect worn brake pads or a
fault with the Emergency Brake Assist (EBA) system.
The vehicle can still be driven with care, but seek qualified assistance urgently. 

EMERGENCY BRAKE ASSIST (EBA)
If the driver rapidly applies the brakes, the EBA system will automatically boost the braking
force to its maximum, in order to bring the vehicle to a halt as quickly as possible. If the
driver applies the brakes slowly, but driving conditions mean that the Anti-lock Braking
System (ABS) operates on the front wheels, the EBA system will increase the braking force in
order to apply ABS control to the rear wheels.
The EBA system stops operating as soon as the brake pedal is released.
A fault with the EBA system is indicated by the amber brake warning lamp illuminating and an
associated warning message. See the, BRAKE (AMBER). Drive with care, avoiding heavy brake
application and seek qualified assistance

FORWARD ALERT FUNCTION
Caution:The system may not react to slow moving vehicles.
Caution:Forward alert uses the same radarsensor as Adaptive cruise control. The
        same performance limitations apply,see the, ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROL OVERVIEW.
Forward alert can be enabled/disabled via the Driver information centre menu. See the,
INSTRUMENT PANEL MENU.
The warning lamp in the Instrument panel illuminates when Forward alert is enabled. See
the, FORWARD ALERT (GREEN).
Forward alert provides limited detection and warning of objects close ahead while the vehicle
is moving forwards. If a vehicle or object ahead is within the user defined sensitivity area, a
warning tone will sound and the FORWARD ALERT message will be displayed in the
Message centre. Emergency brake assist will be activated. See the, EMERGENCY BRAKE ASSIST (EBA)
The driver must take appropriate action immediately.
Sensitivity of the function can be adjusted only when Adaptive cruise control is disengaged.
Adjust as follows:
    • Using the steering wheel Adaptive cruise control buttons, press the gap decrease
    button to display the current setting in the Message centre and then press again to
    decrease the sensitivity of the alert.
    • Press the gap increase button to display the current setting in the Message centre and
    then press again to increase the sensitivity of the alert.
    FWD ALERT <----> is displayed in the Message centre.
Note: The Forward alert set gap is retained when
the ignition is switched off.

ADVANCED EMERGENCY BRAKE ASSIST
Attention:The system may not react to slow moving vehicles and will not react to
        stationary vehicles or vehicles travellingin the opposite direction.
Attention:Warnings may not appear if the distance to the vehicle ahead is very small or if
        steering wheel or pedal movements are large (e.g. to avoid a collision).
Attention:The system utilises the same radar sensor as Advanced cruise control and
        Forward alert - the same limitations of performance apply.
When Adaptive cruise control is fitted, Advanced emergency brake assist is available at speeds
above approximately 7 km/h (5 mph) and will function even if Forward alert and Adaptive
cruise control are switched off. It improves braking response during emergency braking,
when a moving vehicle is detected close ahead.
If the risk of collision increases after the FORWARD ALERT warning is displayed,
Advanced emergency brake assist is activated.The brakes are automatically applied gently in
preparation for rapid braking (this may be noticeable). If the brake pedal is then pressed
quickly, full braking is implemented, even if only light pressure is applied to the pedal. See the,
EMERGENCY BRAKE ASSIST (EBA).
Note: Braking performance will only be improved if the driver applies the brakes.
If there is a fault with the system, FORWARD ALERT UNAVAILABLE is displayed in the
Message centre. The vehicle can still be driven and the braking system will still operate,
but without Advanced emergency brake assistance.Consult a Dealer/Authorised Repairer to have
the fault rectified.

INTELLIGENT EMERGENCY BRAKING
Caution:The system may not react to slowmoving vehicles.
Caution:The system will not react to stationary vehicles or vehicles that are not
        travelling in the same direction as your vehicle.
Caution:Warnings and automatic braking may not occur if the distance to the vehicle ahead is very small,
        or if the steering wheel and pedal movements are large(e.g., to avoid a collision).
Caution:Intelligent emergency braking uses the same radar sensor as Adaptive cruise control and Forward alert.
        The same limitations of performance apply. See the, ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROL OVERVIEW.
When Adaptive cruise control is fitted, Intelligent Emergency Braking (IEB) is available at all
speeds and will function even if Adaptive cruise control and Forward alert are switched off. The
purpose of IEB is to reduce the impact speed with a slower vehicle ahead when a collision
becomes unavoidable.
If an imminent risk of collision occurs, an audible warning is given. If a collision becomes
unavoidable, IEB will apply the brakes at up to maximum pressure. After IEB has activated, IEB
System Was Activated is displayed in the Message centre and the system is inhibited from
further operation until reset by a Dealer/Authorised Repairer.
If the radar sensor is blocked, by snow or heavy rain for example, or there is a fault with the
system, IEB Not Available is displayed in the Message centre. The vehicle can still be driven
and the braking system will still operate, but without IEB. If the radar sensor is not
considered to be blocked, consult a Dealer/Authorised Repairer.

The above given context is a user manual of Adaptive cruise control of the car named RANGE ROVER EVOQUE.
Considering this as the requiements for a car, write all the test cases for Adaptive cruise control of the car using all mentioned ways. 
Read the content fully and answer based on context.
Do not give any misinformation if answer not in the given context. The generated response should be only from the given context. 
If answer not in the context respond as NIL.
